[IA] Relocate Java Automatic pages to new Zero-code section (#4430)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/zero-code/java/agent/_index.md

---
title: Java Agent
linkTitle: Java
aliases:
  - /docs/java/automatic_instrumentation
  - /docs/languages/java/automatic_instrumentation
redirects: [{ from: /docs/languages/java/automatic/*, to: ':splat' }]
cSpell:ignore: Dotel myapp
---

> Zero-code instrumentation with Java case use a Java agent JAR attached to any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero-code instrumentation with Java uses a Java agent JAR attached to any
```
